#fusion #multiphysics #ukaea #moose

## 2022-08-01

Helen:
  - Updates to MOOSE
  - Should be releasing a newly tagged version of Aurora soon
  - DAGMC model has to be in `cm` for Aurora simulations
April/Aya:
  - Updates to DAGMC pincell model for Aurora
  - OpenMC always as to be sub-app in Aurora
	  - causes OpenMC to run for every timestep for apps "above" it
  - Will Aurora add more materials to the updated DAGMC model after it's property discretization?
	  - All cells need to be coupled?
	  - List of assumptions made in coupling process
	  - Exercise in documenting assumptions
	  - Expects one-to-one mapping of material regions in OpenMC/MOOSE model
	  - Current issue:
		  - 
	- Longer-term design questions
		- How to suporrt more general transfers?
		- 
	- MHD model update

My action items:
  - [ ] Rebuild Aurora and Cardinal with the Petsc hdf5 installation
  - [ ] Cardinal PR review
  - [ ] Figure out how to share and collab on notes

Meeting w/ April
  - Viability of Aurora? 
	  - Should we separate the necessary pieces into a new MOOSE component?
	  - Should we simply rely on UM tracking?
  - Delta tracking upate

Funding streams
  - Supplemental funding application for groups with existing funding from FES
  - FES is out of money for this FY

### 2022-11-07

New ESCAPE program (part of FARSCAPE unser the STFC (Science and Technology Faciilty Council))

  - send UK scientists off to different US DOE labs for up to 6 mo.
  - Andy is moving people off of STEP to this program to burn the money up quickly
  - Helen might come over to either Madison or Chicago for 2-3 weeks sometime soon (before March):
	  - Celeritas
	  - DAGMCX
  - Focus on SNS, means ORNL will need to be involved in most cases

Cardinal build status updates
  - Helen is working on Docker build scripts for MOOSE, Aurora dependencies, and then AURORA itself
  - Workflow:
	  - `env` file is passed into the initial Dockerfile
	  - New `env` files are generated by each Dockerfile and then passed on to the next stage

## 2022-12-05

  - Pushing OpenMC wrappings up into MOOSE
	  - Features to push:
		  - Cell domain mapping
		  - Mesh tally transfers
		  - Unstructured mesh?
		  - Making it general could be difficult
		  - Might make collaboration with SHIFT easier if they want to get involved with MOOSE work
	  - What aspects of 
	  - OpenMC perspective: libMesh is the pivot point