#fusion #openmc

## 2022-08-17
- Discussion with Matt Sederberg about potential proposal via FES supplemental funding
	- Could also be useful for LM-MHD/Cardinal-Aurora funding?
- Ray tracing discussion with Nate Morrical and HACC group went very well
- I'll be on site Aug. 29 & 30th if you want to hack on things
- Meeting with Katie and Diane: Figure out invoice from NEA

- Aug. 29/30 hacking topics
	- Mesh based source distributions
	- Source refactor
	- FNG R2S Dose chat
	- FES update
	- CSG cache cells on source distributions
	- WW binary formats